Static Woodpecker publisher upgrade - review bundle, not deployed

Preferred image tag: univenanne-ci-nimby-publisher:20261008
The existing nrf_release_token secret filter MUST remain unchanged. Root must
verify whether the new exact image tag is already allowed before using it.

Build command (root executes separately on the server):
  docker build -t univenanne-ci-nimby-publisher:20261008 <bundle-directory>

Image entrypoint:
  python3 -I /opt/nrf/publish.py

Plugin settings remain:
  token: { from_secret: nrf_release_token }
  mode: check   # optional: validate release input, never mutate GitHub

Do not add a commands override or expose the token through a regular build
step's environment. That would violate the existing plugin-only secret policy.

Static image contents
  image/legacy/publish.py and release-policy.py are byte-identical to the
  inspected approved image (hashes in source-provenance.json). Bot and website
  release requests dispatch to that exact implementation.
  image/runtime contains the current SDK GitHub publisher and reviewed source
  aliases, captured as image-owned files. It supports all six distributions,
  immutable public assets and retryable public catalogue refresh.
  image/publish.py loads those absolute paths, never workspace Python modules.
  Isolated Python mode also ignores PYTHONPATH and workspace sitecustomize.

Before any mutation for the six distributions, the wrapper checks:
  - push/manual release request, or explicit skip for the GitHub runner;
  - exact approved organization/repository (old/new aliases only);
  - GitHub commit SHA and release subject match the CI request;
  - current branch head is still the built commit;
  - VERSION, branch/channel policy and dated release notes from that commit;
  - local build plan exactly matches that source and all artifact digests;
  - existing version tag points directly to the same commit;
  - any existing draft/public release agrees with the verified build.

check mode performs those validations without tags, uploads or catalogue edits.
Ordinary commits perform no source reads or publication. The only accepted
secret input for the new path is PLUGIN_TOKEN. Authenticated requests use fixed
api.github.com / uploads.github.com origins with redirects disabled. Tokens and
HTTP response bodies are not included in errors. Remote files are parsed as data.

The image build runs 26 offline tests with fake APIs and temporary fixtures.
No tests have network access or create real GitHub releases. They cover all six
projects and renamed aliases, source/branch/version/channel/notes/tag mismatch,
mode check, non-release commits, GitHub-runner skipping, immutable retries,
workspace module injection, output symlinks, transport hosts and legacy checks.

Keep this bundle's .gitattributes when committing it to a maintenance worktree:
legacy/runtime bytes are pinned and must not undergo Windows newline conversion.
The SDK source trees and normal project branches are not modified by this bundle.

If the new image tag is denied by the unchanged filter, root may choose the
already-approved tag only after recording its current image ID and creating an
immutable backup alias. Preserve that rollback image; do not remove it. This
bundle neither changes the filter nor chooses or deploys that fallback.
